Yeah, I'm good too. Yeah, yeah. Yes, I can share my... 

How can I... This PowerPoint, right? Yeah, PowerPoint. I think you can change the... That's like a presentation tab. And then on the presentation tab, you can change the monitor. 

You go to presentation, screen presentation. Hmm... Hmm... 

Which in Teams or in PowerPoint? In PowerPoint, yeah. PowerPoint. 

I don't know how to change the monitor. I think that's like... In the PowerPoint settings, you can... There should be something like... In English it's called presentation. There's like a tab where you can click on presentation. Usually you have the... You can select the screen where you want to show the presentation. Okay, let me try. 

Hmm... 

Hmm... 

Is now okay? Yeah, that's good. Okay. So after last meeting, I do have some progress about messages. This part is about evaluating the visual and the image and the leaderboard schema, the vision one. And first, we add some LLM to make a different web app. And like the different situation has a different web app. And I normalize the method to evaluate it is standard... I cannot hear you anymore. Hello. Somehow I know I cannot hear you. Can you hear me right? Yes. I can hear you a little bit sometimes, but most of the time I don't hear you. It's not okay. I hear you a little bit, but it's like strongly interrupted. I don't know what happened. No, it's okay. It's more close to my Mac 4. 

Yeah, now I can hear you. Okay. I need to pick up my Mac 4. So I need to let the LLM models to generate some web app and do the screen shows and fix it with the same protocol for every effect. And this is the visual and the judge access to one 16-bit memory checklist that I created for my static visual part in the leaderboard. And it has on the rest of the service I did. It has four parts. Type 4 graphically out, pattern overall. And the code that's used when we trust an SMT judgment. The answer is it must agree with the human right to the SMT well and the human agree with each other. Underwriting the survey I did. I did the survey first by myself and I asked two friends who also to finish the survey and the concept correlation about us. It's the next part. Can I ask some questions? That's the first couple of questions here. The first question is where you what kind of data set are you using where you get the requirements from to for the apps in the first place? Are they generated? Yeah, generated. It has from the data set. It has requirements, screen shot in the workflow and I put the items into the models and they generate some web set. It has some... So the data set you talked about last time? Yeah, the same. But this page I did some jitter. It's different from the original. Okay. So I think the first thing that's important here is to specify what kind of data set you use like for that. Where the requirements come from, how many requirements, like how does one requirement look like? I think these kind of details are quite important also to understand. And also the other decisions you do there have a huge impact on the results also depending on what kind of requirements you use here. So this I think in that sense I would think about the requirements that you use or the data set that you use. And also put it on the presentation to be very clear like what kind of data set you're using. Yeah, maybe we can find the data sets and show you. This is from my paper and I just use some part of the data set. Generate my own web set. 

Okay. Can you see? Yeah. 

This is part of the data set. Yeah. This picture you show this part of the data set. Okay. Yeah. Here is the requirement to generate that data. Yeah. Okay. Can you after the meeting send me this data set, the link to the data set? Yeah. I will also have a look at it. Okay. I gave it all to the benchmark and I'll enter the web. Some notifications about the web. Okay. Okay. Okay. Can you go back to the other slide please again? I have another question. The items that you score on here, how did you come up with them? Are they also generated or? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I think it's important to have like, you know, if it's generated, it's harder to, I mean, it need to, there need to be some kind of validity, right? Why these items are meaningful to ask, right? If you, if, if they're like, if you did a research with an LLM and it come up with this based on some resources based on some papers, then it's different again also, right? So, but it would be important to know, for example, which kind of items come from which paper. Yeah, it's really clear or are they really like invented by the LLM because LLM thinks it's meaningful. This is very critical to decide what kind of data set to use and what kind of metrics you use for this evaluation. And the other thing is not only the items itself, but also like the, the scoring metric. Here, for example, it's binary. Now, yes and no, I don't know if this is the best, this is actually the best way of doing this. Maybe it's better to have a range, you know, like a Likert scale is typically used also very often. One to five or one to nine, something like that. Because you can have, I agree more or less, it's not like often these kind of decisions are maybe not so binary, you know. So like binary for B feels a little bit unnatural, this kind of task because it's a little bit subjective. It's like, there's no like often no clear lines. I mean, okay, some of the, for example, buttons and controls share consistent style. You know, you can, I mean, if they have all gray color, the same gray color, then I would maybe I could say yes. If they have a little bit different kind of gray color, I could still say maybe more or less. Yes. Right. But it's maybe only 80% now compared to before. Maybe they, the styling only is like the font is always the same, but surrounding the borders a little bit different, for example, then how should I answer yes or no. I think these kind of questions, I would rather think more natural is like Likert scale items to use here. I also thought about the Likert scale, but it has some bells or the item as a challenge to just Likert scale. For example, it's from zero to ten, maybe this is something, similarly, they always give the same points, like all the pages seven or eight points, it has some bells. The best for the bad page, maybe they just give a three or four or the same page points, not one or five or ten. They never give the ten points or five or one. What are you sure that this is the case? I think there's also something that needs to be evaluated right on the, especially for GUI judging. There's a lot of papers about this kind of biases and LLM is judge, but I would not be sure that this is the same thing, right? If you have a visual display of a GUI, I think this need to be evaluated. If this happens, let's say you just use a Likert scale now and you just give it to an LLM. If that's true, what you say, you would expect to have this kind of sparks, right? A little bit like normal distribution about these positions, but I think this should be also evaluated rather than assuming it really is like this. But for this page also, kind of the link, because overall score is dependent on all the selections. There are 60 things, every item has like 0.065 points and how many years? Like half a year is 0.05 points and there are more years, it means 0.7. It's kind of the same. I saw you come based on this computer whole score, then each question contributes to the score. Yeah. Okay, I see. Yeah, I mean, through that it's also linked. I just feel it's like, I would definitely say from a computer-human interaction evaluation standpoint, I think the most natural is the Likert scale because it's subjective. It's usually more on the range instead of like binary or like hard categories. So I think that's why I think Likert scale is much more natural. But I think just the point you said is interesting and I think this would be interesting to evaluate. Like what happens, like if you, I mean, now you have this binary, you did already this kind of evaluation. It would be interesting to see how it is different if you do this binary or maybe if you use now the Likert scale, how the LLM votes then and out-compairs. Okay. I mean, I guess it's, it would be, my assumption would be that maybe if you used this binary, I think it would be closer. The LLM and human would be closer compared to maybe if you use a Likert scale. But maybe because of these kind of effects that humans really use the whole range more often, but maybe also not. Maybe you also, human also have like it's really bad or I don't know, and LLMs also have some bias if they use the Likert scale. Yeah, I think this would be interesting to investigate there to also look how they behave in Likert scale and maybe compare. We are making, in that direction, it may be more like the LLM judge, not the we judge, I think it's more, it's more intense with the, I also thought that it's another, another, such a question. Yeah. Okay. So maybe I can try LLM scale later after this meeting. Yeah. Okay. Okay. And as I said, like important is like the items that once you choose, like, I mean, how you choose them, you really need like kind of a good explanation why this item is meaningful to measure life, why, for example, buttons and controls have consistent silent. Why this is an important thing to ask. Like this important to really have like literature to as a foundation or something else. Yeah. I think it's from some literature, but I'm not going to ask which people. Okay. So you only use screenshots, right? You don't use the, yeah, for the, this is the visual charge, not a dynamic part, so you only use the, you take the screenshots of the app that has been generated. So it's HTML it generates the web app, then you take a screenshot and this is what you give to the S input, right? Yeah. But it's based on the generated code. If I give the code to the app, it has some another mail. No, I mean, no, I mean, but you give the requirements to the LLM that LLM generates the HTML code with the web app, and then you take a screenshot. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Next is to reason the LLM. Yeah, and it's the gt 4.1 mini and my message is to give it some deal short and three rotations with majority votes. A script is the prompt one, three, and then my critical judgment is when the one has that doubts mark or it is the reason is it has a yes file for the board and the state to answer satisfied almost every item. Without it, it's just a step. Every single like I'm a little bit. Yes. So I did some few shots. It's a hundred. And it has a range from 0.5 to one and then they would switch screenshot to the LLM. The reason is the. My rates is normal and active and this is how it's out to be. And it's a repeat. It's just three times each item takes the majority of the same. 

And to marry and to that. Sorry. And then the right side is the data. I get to the 0.5. You can see different. The position is not correct. The button looks a little. So that's the judge. The position. Yeah. The gift is gone now. But the scores that you calculate based on the binary answers on all these 16 items, right? But for this, you only give this overall score. I also give the individual answers to the individual items. I mean, you give the screenshot as input in the context and then you give this to the score of 0.5. Yeah. As an example, right? But the 0.5 is calculated based on these answers to the 16 individual items, right? Yes. Do you also give the answers to the individual 16 items? Because I mean, the score is maybe not that important. It's more important that you have the individual answers, right? How you score on the item level. Yeah. My value is by myself, by the 16 items. And I know it's 0.5. Yeah. But I mean, like, what this is in the few shot example, you give this as an example in the part of the prompt, right? Yeah. And then do you also give the all the answers to the 16 items? So the screenshot and here's the gold standard human answers to the items. Or you want to give the score? Just give the score. And the overall score. But I mean, because the final score is calculated based on the individual items, wouldn't it make more sense to give the, and you asked the model to evaluate the individual items? Wouldn't it make more sense to also give the answers to the individual items instead of the score or in addition to the score? I'm not sure. I'm not sure if I give this. I can check it later. Okay. And then another thing is because you said you annotate yourself. If you like you give this anchors. But the problem is in the, as humans, we also have the, you have also your bias, right? Or you also have a subjective view on if you think this is good or bad. If I tried to, there will be maybe a little bit different results. So for this, it would also make, if you have future examples, then would be important to have also, for example, majority voting over multiple humans. Like that instead of like, right? One, maybe you yourself, especially because I mean, one problem is also in the, if you, if you use yourself in the evaluation. Because you develop all of this, you have so much knowledge about all of this, you are even more biased, right? So in this kind of relations, it's always important that you will not touch yourself, right? I mean, because you're too biased. It's not the objective. So I asked two of my friends, the same story, and see maybe we have a similar score for some page. And it may be reduced on the basis of the body. So I think my problem is choose what we all agree on the same page. It's not the score. And I will show it later. Okay. Another question here to the majority voting is the technique you can do on top of both of these methods, right? Strict or future? Because you can, in both cases, you can also do majority voting, right? Is it through your combined this with some of these strict or future approaches? Or what is the underlying approach for the majority voting? Like how do you prompt the model? Because for strict, you just give a prompt and you say answer more like this. So you give some kind of bias, then you get the results and this is the result, right? It will give you the answers over the items and this is the result for future. You include these kind of pictures and then the scores and so on. And say here's a new example, give the result. So you only do like a sample only once. But for each of these approaches, you can also do majority voting, right? You can say here's the future and you sample three times, give me three times the result out again, and then the majority voting. Or you can also do the same thing with the strict approach. You can also say here's the bias prompt, give me three scores or you sample three times and then you do majority voting. So what kind of approach do you use to do the majority voting? Like what is the prompt you give for the majority voting? I just... I just... I just... I just... I just... I just... But on what kind... what is the prompt do you give them? Prompt. Because future is like a prompt, right? In the end, the future is just a prompt with examples. Yes. And strict is also just a prompt. So for the majority voting, you also need some kind of prompt. And then you execute this prompt three times and you take the majority vote. Yes. But the prompt is just like the judge has three times to get the correct result. Is this prompt? But you have individual calls, right? You say here's the problem, judge it, and then it's done, and then you call... I have another call. Here's the problem, judge it, and then you have a third call. Here's the problem, judge it, right? You don't do this in one prompt, right? The bottom will always give the same response if you have it in one prompt, right? You need to call the API multiple times. Hmm. You may have to get the answer and evaluate it in the final. How do you implement it? Maybe I asked a different way around how you implement majority vote. How does it work exactly then in your implementation? It's just to reduce the files for judge my many times. What do you call... So you have, you say, three repetitions, right? You do. How do you do the three repetitions? You do. You call the APIs three times? Or how do you get the three values, the three repetition, repeated values? I think it's three times API call. I can check this later. Then the question would be like what kind of prompt do you give there? Because majority would like strict and few short is like a prompt, and majority voting is more like a technique that you can put on top of a prompt. It's like, you know, it's like separate from the rest, from prompts itself. Why does it matter? Through the majority vote, why is it important prompt? Because you, I mean, if you want to compare like strict, few short and majority voting, then majority voting... No, no, no, it's all the method to gather the final score. Ah, so, okay, so you... Okay, I see. Okay. Okay, then I understand. For me, it looks more like three different things, you know? But it's one prompt. It's one approach. Yeah, one prompt equals three. Okay. Okay, for me, it looks more like three different things, but okay. Then... Makes sense, yeah. Okay. So, it's two important numbers in the judge, the first one appears in correlation at the pitch level. Did you show another slide because I still see the charge configuration slide? This one. This one. I still see a charge configuration. Maybe it doesn't... Did you change the slide? Maybe the screen hang up or something? I don't know, Charles. No. No. This is another. This is two different lines. I only see the charge configuration currently. Oh. Maybe the... Maybe teams hang up. Maybe we need to restart the transmission. Maybe we need to restart the transmission. Yeah, now I can see it, yeah. So, it's three important numbers. First one is the charge configuration. It's four-page number. It's four-page number. The judge and the human line pages are the same way from minus one to one. Here's one example. Humans was 3 pages one, 0.875, 0.5, and the judge line 0.9, 0.80, 0.4. So, that means the R approximately equals one, even though there is a difference. It's just for coordination and the original data is 15 pages, the R is 0.6. The original 15 pages without the jatter and game is... Generates the 15 pages with all the original pages with 0.875 to 1, but with no real quality spread. The real quality spread means the bad page, like 0.5 or lower. So, R is mechanical. So, after that, I have some jatter pages to increase the correlation. The other number is the code and pattern. This item is purpose is agreement on 16 yes or no items after the stop tracing the document. Here's one example. On the page most answers are satisfactory anyway. To read the answer, all the answers are already released approximately equal to 85% of the time. So, the key counts on the agreement beyond that. So, for all the data observed, 0.85% of the chance agreement equal 0.84, so key after the formula just 0.07, almost of the high agreement was based on this. It's from another literature. Here is the literature name code or agreement counts not match as deal. These two numbers are important and I'll show it later. One of the things, as I said, should consider the licker scale items and then use Krippendorf's alpha here instead of Kruhenskappa. Krippendorf's alpha is chance corrected and then works also on ordinal data if you use licker scale. Yes. I mean Krippendorf's alpha. Oh, I know. I thought it's for many borders we use Krippendorf's alpha but right now I don't have many borders. Yeah, that's why I said you should use licker scale also and then you can also use Krippendorf. I think the result is because you have also binary task. You don't have many, you know, for each item you don't have many options that you can choose. So, just by chance also of course it's easier to match. If you have a larger licker scale it's much harder to, I mean you can still get in the range but it's harder to by chance have all the same values or similar values. And also you need also more waters anyway in the end. In this instance if you have ordinal data, so licker scale and more waters then Krippendorf's alpha is the better way to go. And what kind of model that you actually use to generate the GUI itself? The model that you use to generate based on the requirements, the apps. QQV. Which one? QQN 3.54. QQN 3.6. QQN 3.6. 35B. QQN only means 30B. It's two different models. I didn't use, I also used some GD4 over. How to access one or two. Most of the web end I use QQN 3.6. Okay. Okay. So, the defective injection is just the idea is from the GUI keep. We use some GD4 to the pages to get different score. The first one is the original. It's QQN 3.6. The next one is the new. It means a small change for the web site. Maybe the text size or the title position or the light contrast. And several jets we can see it's much different. The finalist uses a weak model to generate the web. It can't generate well. The other one is good. It's just good about clearly bad pages. And for the online it's no mistake for all the Swedish languages. And after the key value from 0.067 to 0.336, Key raises one's bad pages at real defect to defect. And also, R raises one's bad and good pages from 0.066 to 0.669. So, the conclusion is the original was low because of the system page for boot. And the original was not a good judge. So, given real quality, the judge's description is really brilliant. That's the biggest promise. And the other one. So, you created this chitter or? Yes, through the original to the silver jet app. We can see it on Bob-Op. Then you select the 15 apps with multiple screens and then times the different chitter variants. So, what is the relation that you have? You have the 15 apps. Each of them has multiple pages. Now, in addition, each of them has also four variants of chitter. And this is how you evaluate them. Okay. So, next, the human setting and the judge's certification. I asked my friend to do the survey like we did before. Our case is 0.2. But our key value to the other judge is 0.35, 0.25, 0.14. And the other judge has a lower rate of 0.25, 0.426. And the other judge has a lower rate of 0.25, 0.426. So, the rule is very simple. The judge who is a human, the people who matches the human setting is real for the human. That's how we need to use data as a judge. So, I choose the 54 million as my usual judge. Okay. The human rating is also quite low. Everything you have shown here is with you and three other annotators. The statements that can be derived here are quite low because the annotations that have been used, as well as the data set, right? This is still also a thing. So, the population is similar to the human score. So, I choose it to the judge in the final. But the human score set is also low. For the survey, it's not objective. It's all have some self-perference to judge the different page. So, it may be the key low is acceptable or not. 

I mean, I think for the, yeah, I mean, the, as I said, I think the, I mean, I'm not sure if like the best data set currently that you use, maybe you could also have the, you could also bring variation in the generated artifacts. If you use different elements where to generate not only like the quen model that he used. So, you could also use maybe some really small models that maybe automatically generate worse implementations, for example, right? So, to have a range. So, if you want to, I think, try one or two times. It counts generate very well. It misses some images and maybe because of the output restriction, it counts the full by-by-by. Yeah, this is good to have some, but it's also not clear. So, then you still used other models, right? Also, you said you used a big model and a smaller quen model, right? Or what models did you use again to generate? This is Q3.6. Q3.6. That's the Q5. 

And which of them is the weak model? Performs bad, none of them, right? Because you, in the picture you showed the weak model. Maybe the answer is the name of the camera or something else. It's not how to do it. Okay, and this would be important to include also the, yeah. Okay. Yes. You mean for the weak model to generate the quen is important for the non-stage? I mean, if you want to have more variations, right, in the UIs you generate. And as you said here, it would make sense to include more of these kind of different, like, top models, lower models, small models to get more variations also in the outputs. But the weak quality is not good from the weak model. And it's hard to judge. It is all bad. I would, I mean, I think a human should still be able to touch, right? Or even if it's not that good, right? Yeah, but after I finished benchmark and made the data board, I think the weak model APN key has some scores on the data board. That's what we final to finish. And it's kind of your, it's a weak model. The order of bad. No. Okay. Okay. Next. It's a system. Tivity. This is very. Oh, it's the quality of the. It's not. 0.6191. I read out is the judge. They gave a 16 pages board. 0. 0. And so we chose the same point. Because we stored the variance with the attribution is being and cause. So we need some bad. Bad. To the judge. That's it. The. The. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. just live quality gaps so I need to both two bands to our audio So, it shows the reference call rate is agreement. It's the key, generates the key with a greater than 0.6. It assumes a high human consciousness but we measure the task real human setting instead. Our key is like 0.3. Next is the judge who already takes this to set the situation and the correlation data and the human likeness of key. So, we adopt the answer or the situation protocol. It's like what we did in experiment 2. And the U.S.A paper is to the data, the experiment 1 and the final check evil of paper is banning checklist creation, and the reason for the sensitivity for real ability is why I designed the 16 item memory of story. As the, as the situation is. Okay, though the generate size is, I, now I have frozen the prompt to generate a we is has three points. First is the input are things we reduce from two with me think avoid. And the term cash, and rapid, the reward absolutely. in the post-equality and the video companies. The government, every day, architect, the robot, which comes in the important profile, produces it. And also the failure of categories is like the provider transmission of dynamic values never suddenly dropped. It will be recorded in the data board and the road tickets and related data logs for everyone also in the report. Here's the data board example, the demo. So we can see it has a time, image, and a few video times. And for Q and only surgery B, it's a few of ones. And we populate it and we have the... What does it mean? Like failure that it couldn't generate anything? Yeah, it didn't pass the state of get. Some routes doesn't exist or some... It means page unknown, like no complicated. So it means it's ready for this time generate. And we have the static technical, it's called level checks, which has the ATM, health insurance, GS, S, and control arrows. And this in the resources is the static technical. If the page doesn't close this static technical, it will be failed. And we have the dynamic flow. We have the real browser run and the route is reachable and where the content presents. And we also have some heading stores like Voodoo, after I finished the judge grace and accessibility. The X-Code scan is another metric in the data board. The validation is weighted by the server-related per page and the transparency including tokens and the data. I didn't finish the whole data board yet. And for the overall we need to calculate the ways for different metrics. So I didn't define the way through different metrics. Maybe I'll do it later. But how do you come up with these numbers in static and dynamic, for example? What does 0.5 for the second model mean for dynamic? What is this metric? It's a check it through the workflow. What I give it with the algorithm as a prompt. At what workflow? It has some actions. Here's the code. It has some actions and the validation. Check the validation are asking or not. And here is just the demo. I give it the actions and the validation. Maybe later I use the real agent to run the browser. I mean the web app to check it and find the middle of this web app. And some metrics. So you didn't run a browser now? I didn't use the real agent to run the browser. I just run the autostick. And I check it if it loads correctly or not. Okay, directly on the... How you do this without an LLM? Because how do you know what kind of routes? Because they are directly defined. Like media is defined and then you expect this is in the code somewhere. Because if I generate something that can still have a bit different identifiers and maybe a little bit different code. How do you make this safe that doesn't break? Or it's very specific requirements you give. Home, RISP, you just all need to be there. I think I would call this... 

Okay, and how do you calculate static? How does AMA comes? I think it's from some HTML what this calls for. I'm missing some source and also the last part, the real judgments. What I did before. How do you come up with an AMA? What is the metric? How if I have the HTML code and the errors and everything, how I can get a score of 0.954, for example? It's also the same method as before. It has some questions and I don't know if you check it. I'm not in the case of a fan of the score. Like what the server really did. 

How about the code? The code? You give the code and then you give it also questions to the judge and then basically calculate the score. Or how? 

Yes, and then find the visual part. 

I think what would be really important is that, for example, the static and dynamic, you just introduce it on the slide. I think for each of this, I would expect to be at least two or three slides to explain the concept first of all. There's so much content. Of course, I know you can generate a lot, but there's so much content. The sole information dense. I think there's a lot of things that are unclear. For example, what is static computed and so on? Like what are the datasets used for dynamic evaluation? All of these things, you know, there's like a lot of things currently under specified, I would say. 

Okay. I can explain next time or I can explain that to you very well. To check is what's going on. Maybe can you send me the slide also? Maybe write a couple of explanations to it. Okay. Okay. 

No, that's all. That's all. What I did the last three weeks. It's a little complicated in this part. And it's hard to define the judge. It's not objective. 

Sorry, what do you mean? 

I mean, during my program, I made new problems. Like the judge else or the benchmark comes. What was the final benchmark? I can't even find out what I just give the results. Like the images and the requirements and the work flow to the benchmarks to define the little order metrics. And the static part and the dynamic part, I didn't finish all the metrics. 

The static part is more about the real part. Like what I did the science part. Dynamic part is I need to use a real agent to measure it. 

And now it's just a time separation in the benchmark. What I think is final benchmark is I build the whole benchmark with these results and the requirements and the work flow and some images and the users or other people including the API key and put it into the read board and it has some through the benchmark. It has the final score in the read board. That's what I think right now. It works on us. But the situation is kind of like that. It doesn't have many situations over the whole situation in the world. You know what I mean. What do you mean by the situation? The scenario. But the final benchmark for the benchmark I need to... 

I would need to think about this also. Also if this is a good data set to use. But you can maybe also send me this. I will have a look at it also again and think about this setup. Okay. So I send you the data size and the size? Yeah. Super good. Then I will have a look at it again and then I think I can say more about the data set. Then it will give me a couple of days time. Then I will come back to you also. Yeah. I think in terms of the NMS church, I would expect a little bit more like maybe also try different methods also. For example, currently use one church and for example, this majority voting. Use one church and call it three times. Why not use for example three different models? Each model has different kind of biases, different kind of training data and so on. It's more maybe more realistic like using three different humans even though they may be still relatively similar. But this would also be interesting. I mean, and you could also investigate like if you have three LLMs, what is their Kipendorf's alpha for example, then on this slicker scale data. Do they agree more compared to humans and how the humans within each other compare than the LLMs within each other? Yeah. The reason I didn't use the algorithm is like I used the game and the console and I 0.5. I mean, there's only three LLMs, right? I mean, why not use more, try out more and then combine them? Because I'm not talking necessarily about use one or the other just as I said, also you could combine them, right? But... I mean, maybe not these two, but maybe there's like if you use other models, it might be also meaningful to combine them. Yeah, but if I combine like many models and my thesis is not focused on the LLM judge, it's for the VB evaluation. Maybe if I do many models, it makes a long direction I think. I already find models that are key value is greater than human data. They can be for the method. But I think even though in the end you apply it to... We're judging, but in the end it's still about judging, right? Mainly because it's of course also using it then, but they're using it and benchmark is relatively easy then because it's automated right to care. The models can give you all the charges or the scores easily compared to human annotation or for different models. But the harder part is lies in like understanding how good the charges are. So of course you still need to build up a benchmark data set and so on, but I think the charges is quite important. But what is big because let's say you... I mean, it comes out that the charges are quite bad, but how meaningful would be a benchmark with a bad charge that I mean you can do it automatic then, but it's quite bad. I mean then it would also not be that meaningful, right? So having like a... I mean, of course let's say okay bad is maybe a wrong word, but let's say it's deviate very strongly from humans. Then at least I think it would be important to understand, you know, how well, how much we can trust or not trust, but also try out different methods would also be important. Okay, okay. 

So next stage I try different methods to judge the quality. Like the link is method that many more models to finish this part. 

I mean I would listen, I think I would... And not only more models, I would maybe also look into more, maybe more methods, right? I mean, I use this few shot, why a few shot maybe in the first place? Why not just do it like zero shot for example with other models also? I mean, how many methods should I try how to fix the final method? What manual can fix, I mean, the number is acceptable in the final region. I mean, I can also think about like what would make sense, but it's... My argument is not to... That you should try out 20 LLMs. What I want to say is that to explore a little bit more methods and copy a little bit more methods. Just like the thing I'm saying, it doesn't need to be necessarily you try out 20 LLMs, right? But this is like only one method now, right? You have like you take the few shot, do the majority voting on the same LLM, and then you report it through a different... But I mean, there could be also different approaches, right? Still, and this I think would be important to do. I would not maybe to... Okay, what I want to say is just check again maybe what... In the literature what would make sense and maybe try out one or two more things, right? How a judging can be done? Yes, I mean, this method, the final purpose is key value like LLM and be the human judge. As the same as the human judge. It's proof it can be the judge. The key value is the most safe one. If I find some methods as the... Same key value as human, it's kind of same. I see. Yeah, but I mean, this is based on your evaluation, right? On the three people, you and then two other friends. So based on this, I would not create like statements now that you prove that you should only use 2PT for one many in this configuration. That's right. I mean, you would need a bigger evaluation with more humans to do that, right? At least. And then also the data set. I mean, the question is also how good is the data set? How well does the data set fit maybe? But I would also need to check the data set that you use currently. So I need some more humans to judge the theory. I'm not sure whether I can change or not in the theory. Like the layout. It's all defined by myself or the AI. Data set has one fixed vision for the value of the static value. So I can say again? I mean, the item... The kind of layout and the usual consistency is all defined by myself and from some literature, I think. It's hard to fix the final vision to evaluate the static page. Which item would... Which item would we need to evaluate the page? Yeah. It's not easy to decide what is the final item set you use. I think most important is that it's somehow... Yeah. You use the literature. I mean, you said already you used some kind of... This is based on some literature. But it would be important that you... For each of the items, you know, you can have this resource or reference. Where it comes from. I need to check it so it's come from. Yeah. And the other thing is, I think for me personally, it feels unnatural to use... To have a binary question like that. But yeah, maybe it's awesome to look into again. Okay. I need to send you the email data to xplot. Yeah. I don't have time to... Like that. So what should I do next? It is the method and the... I just tried to... I think for the judging, I would definitely encourage you to look into a little bit more methods like the literature and what could be applied to the judging here. This scenario, definitely. Yeah. Okay. For the benchmark part. Yeah. An important thing is the data set. And if you send it to me, I will look into this and then I can... I think I first need to have a look into the data set to give a better statement about that or to have a better idea. There's something I could tell you then afterwards. Okay. But if you send it to me today, you would need to give me a couple of days. But I try to respond until the end of the week. Yeah. You should have a... Yeah. Latest shadow response. Okay. Should I find the other side? Or just use this? I mean, yeah, if you... Yeah. It's also good to search for more. Yeah. That could be potentially used. Do you have some recommended data for this? Because there are many data sites, you see, for the query. Yeah. I mean, yeah, I think I need to think about a little bit really what is the best use case here. Because what you showed is very, very detailed, like very low level, what description of what should be done. The one data set we already used where the opposite, very abstract with a lot of degrees of freedom for the model to do things. But I think I would need to think about like what makes maybe more sense here. But if you find some other data sets, you can also... You could also send them to me and I can also check them. And I will also think about again, like what makes sense. Okay. 

So I'll check it out and send it to you later. Yeah. This would be good to know. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Nice. Nice. Okay. Then yeah, it would be nice if you can send me the stuff. Also maybe the slides. Then I will check again a little bit more and then you get more feedback also from my site. Okay. And the registration also received now. It's finished already. So it's all finished. Yeah. Good. Yeah. 

Okay. Great. Do we already have a formal submission date then? Formal submission date. What is it? 10 of July. Sorry? 10 of July. No, I mean, what is the, when you have to submit the thesis? I don't know. You only have six months. So June 10 is the, then plus six months. Okay. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Okay. Okay. But yeah, I need to check this again. But like, yeah, also, I also need to check if I can see it somewhere. But yeah. Okay. All right. Then thank you. And then we, yeah, if you send me the stuff, I will give you a response then. Okay. Okay. Then we're nice week. Thank you. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. 