The most likely technical term from the context. 

How can I? It's PowerPoint, right? Yeah, PowerPoint. I think you can change the, on the, that's like a presentation tab, and then on the presentation tab, you can change the monitor. 

You go to presentation, screen presentation. 

PowerPoint. And PowerPoint, yeah, PowerPoint. 

I don't know how to change the monitor. I think that's like in the PowerPoint settings, you can, there should be something like, in English it's called like presentation. That's like a tab where you can click on presentation. And then they have, usually you'd have the, you can select a screen where you want to show the presentation. 

Is now okay? Yeah, sounds good. Okay. So after last meeting, I do have some progress about my thesis. This part is about validating the visual algorithm judge and the leaderboard schema, the vision one. And first we, I left some LLM to make the different web app. And like the different situation has the different web app. And I normalize the methods to evaluate it. Is standard. I can't hear you anymore. Hello. Somehow I know I cannot hear you. Can you, you can hear me, right? Yes. I can hear you a little bit sometimes, but most of the time I don't hear you. I hear you a little bit, but it's like strongly interrupted. I don't know what happened. No, it's okay. It's more close to my microphone. 

Yeah, now I can hear you. Yeah. Okay. And then I need to pick up my microphone. So I made the models to generate some web app and do the screen shows fixed with the same protocol for every effect. And this is the visual algorithm judge answers to my 16 item banner checklist. The page is for my static visual parts in the leaderboard. And it has on the right side is the survey ID. It has four parts. It's a typography layout, color, and the overall. And the core question is why we trust an assentate judgment. The answer is it must agree with the human right as well as human agree with each other. On the right side of the survey ID, I do the survey first by myself. And I asked two friends to also to finish the survey and the concert correlation about us. It's the next time. Can I ask some questions on that slide first? I have a couple of questions here. The first question is what kind of data set are you using? Where you get the requirements from to for the apps in the first place? Are they generated? Yeah, it's generated. It has from the data set. It has a screen shot in the workflow. And I put the items into the models and generate some websites. It has the data. So the data set you talked about last time. It's the same. But this page I get some data. It's different from the original. OK, so I think the first thing that's important here is to specify what kind of data set you use. Like for that, where the requirements come from, how many requirements, like how does one requirement look like. I think these kind of details are quite important also to understand. And also all the decisions you do there have a huge impact on the results also depending on what kind of requirements you use here. So this, I think, in that sense, I would think about the requirements that you use or the data set that you use. And also put it on the presentation to be very clear what kind of data set you're using. 

This is from my paper. And I just use some part of the data. 

Generate my own web app. 

The data set can be in many situations like the cloud and about it not. I've done many and some others. Sivirishan community and each video has different photo tabs, like images. And some resource. This is part of the data set. Yeah, this picture you showed is part of the data set. Here are the requirements to generate that data. 

Can you after the meeting send me this data set, a link to the data set? I would also have a look at it. Okay, that's all. I gave it all to my benchmark. I'll integrate the web app. 

Some limitations about the web app. 

This is a good view. Can I go back to the other slide, please? I have another question. The items that you score on here, how did you come up with them? Are they also generated? Yeah, I asked the AI to search some data return to the item. I think it's important to have like, if it's generated, it's harder. I mean, there needs to be some kind of validity why these items are meaningful to ask. If you did the research with an LLM and it came up with this based on some resources, based on some papers, then it's different again also. But it would be important to know, for example, which kind of items come from which paper. It's really clear. Are they really invented by the LLM because LLM thinks it's meaningful. This is very critical to decide what kind of data set to use and what kind of metrics to use for this evaluation. And the other thing is not only the items itself, but also the scoring metric. Here, for example, it's binary now, yes and no. I don't know if this is the best way of doing this. Maybe it's better to have a range. Like, Likert scale is typically used also very often. 1 to 5 or 1 to 9, something like that. Because you can agree more or less. Often these kind of decisions are maybe not so binary. Binary for me feels a little bit unnatural, this kind of task, because it's a little bit subjective. There's often no clear lines. For example, buttons and controls share consistent style. If they have all gray color, the same gray color, then I could say yes. If they have a little bit different kind of gray color, I could still say maybe more or less yes. But it's maybe only 80% now compared to before. Or maybe the styling only is like the font is always the same, but the surrounding, the border is a little bit different. How should I answer yes or no? I think these kind of questions, I would rather think more natural, like Likert scale items to use here. I also thought about the Likert scale, but it has some bells. As a child, I just used Likert scale. For example, from 0 to 10, maybe they see something similar, they always give the same points. Like all the pages 7 or 8 points, they have some bells. For the bad page, maybe they just give a 3 or 4, all the same points, not 1 or 5 or 10. They never give the 10 points or 5 points. Are you sure that this is the case? I think this is something that needs to be evaluated, especially for GUI judging. There's a lot of papers about this kind of biases in LMS judge, but I would not be sure that it's the same thing. If you have a visual display of a GUI, I think this needs to be evaluated. If this happens, let's say you just use a Likert scale now and you just give it to an LLM, if this is true what you say, you would expect you have this kind of sparks, a little bit like normal distribution about these positions. But I think this should be also evaluated rather than assuming it really is like this. But for this page also, I think it's because the overall score depends on all the selections. There are 16 items, every item has 0.65 points. And how many years? Half a year is 0.5 points and more years is 0.7. It's kind of linked. So based on this you compute the whole score, then each question contributes to the score? Yeah. Okay, I see. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, that is also linked. I just feel it's like, I would definitely say from a computer-human interaction evaluation standpoint, I think the most natural is the Likert scale because it's subjective, it's usually more on a range instead of binary or hard categories. So I think that's why I think Likert scale is much more natural. But I think the point you said is interesting and I think this would be interesting to evaluate what happens. I mean, now you have this binary, you did already this kind of evaluation. It would be interesting to see how it is different if you do this binary or maybe if you use now the Likert scale, how the LLM votes then and how it compares. Okay. I mean, I guess it's it would be my assumption would be that maybe if you used this binary, I think it would be closer to the LLM and human would be closer compared to maybe if you use a Likert scale. But maybe because of these kind of effects that humans really use the whole range more often, but maybe also not. Maybe also human also have like it's really bad. I don't know. And LLMs also have some bias if they use the Likert scale. Yeah, I think this would be interesting to investigate to also look how they behave in Likert scale and maybe prepare. Yeah, so in that direction, it may be more like the LLM judge, not the V judge. It's more intense to the bias about that. It's another search question. Yeah. Okay. So maybe I can try LLM scale later after this meeting. Yeah. Okay. Okay. And as I said, like important is like the items, the ones you choose, like I mean, how you choose them, you really need like kind of a good explanation why this item is meaningful to measure life, why, for example, buttons and controls have consistent styling. Why this is an important thing to ask. Like it's important to really have like literature to as a foundation or something else. Yeah. I think it's from some literature. But I'm not sure which people. Okay. And here you only use screenshots, right? You don't use the... Yeah, for the, this is the visual judge, not a dynamic part judge. So you only use the, you take the screenshots of the app that has been generated with HTML, it generates the web app, then you take a screenshot and this is what you give to the as input, right? Yeah. But it's based on the generated code. Generated code? If I give the code to the LLM, it has another file. I mean, but you give the requirements to the LLM, the LLM generates the HTML code with the web app, and then you take a screenshot. Yeah. Yeah, okay. My message is to present the LLM judge and choose the GT 4.1 mini. And my message is to give it some view, short, and three rotations with generative votes. The script is... The firm's long-dreamed demise critical judgment is when the firm has doubts about the validity. The reason is that it has the yes-bills for the LLM code, and the st-trans are satisfied on almost every item. Without it, it's judged on nearly everything, like I'm an item, this and yes. So I gave it some view, short, and it has a range from 0.5 to 1, including bad editor, the good screenshot to the LLM. The reason is that the file rate is normal and it's hectic, and this uncle said hers ought to be not buried. And so it repeats every case just three times, each item takes the majority of the search. The reason is that the LLM temperature is at zero, but it prepares anything that is supposed to make the article repeat for a result. The result is a very fine of 16 pages, changes the course every repeat. Max screen is 0.4, which is a big kilt to measure. And on the right side is the data anchor, I gave it the LLM, 0.5. You can see the different image, the position is not correct, and the paddle button looks weird. So that's the judge, the position. You give the score now, but the score is calculated based on the binary answers on all these 16 items, right? But for this you only give the overall score, or you also give the individual answers to the individual items? What do you mean? You give the screenshot as input in the context, and you give the score of 0.5 as an example, right? But the 0.5 is calculated based on these answers to the 16 individual items, right? Yes. Do you also give the answers to the individual 16 items? Because the score itself is not that important, it's more important that you have the individual answers, right? How you score on the item level. Yeah, I measure it by myself, by the 16 items, and the final score is 0.5. But I mean, in the few shot example, you give this as an example as part of the prompt, right? Yeah. And then do you also give all the answers to the 16 items, so the screenshot, and here's the gold standard human answers to the items? Or you only give the score? Just a few shots, and the points. And the overall score? But I mean, because the final score is calculated based on the individual items, wouldn't it make more sense to give the... And you asked the model to evaluate the individual items, wouldn't it make more sense to also give the answers to the individual items instead of the score, in addition to the score? I'm not sure if I can check it later. Okay. And then another thing is because you said you annotate yourself, if you give these anchors, but the problem is as humans, you have also your bias, right? Or you also have a subjective view on if you think this is good or bad. If I checked it, there will be maybe a little bit different results. So for this, it would also make...if you have few short examples, then it would be important to have also, for example, maturity voting over multiple humans. Yeah. Like that instead of like, one, maybe you yourself, especially because I mean, one problem is also if you use yourself in the evaluation, because you develop all of this, you have so much knowledge about all of this, you are even more biased, right? So in this kind of relations, it's always important that you not touch yourself, right? I mean, because you're too biased. It's more...it's not objective. So I asked two of my friends who have the same theory and see maybe we have the similar score or some page and it may be reduced on bells. But in my experience, choose what we all agree on the same page is not good. The score is not good. I will show it later. OK. And then another question here to the maturity voting is the technique you can do on top of both of these methods, right? Strict or few short? Because you can, in both cases, you can also do maturity voting, right? Do you combine this with some of these strict or few short approaches or what is the underlying approach for the majority voting? Like, how do you prompt the model? Because for strict, you just give a prompt and you say answer more like this. So you give some kind of bias, then you get the results and this is the result, right? It will give you the answers over the items and this is the result. For a few short, you include these kind of pictures and then the scores and so on. So you can say here's a new example, give the result. So you only do like you sample only once. But for each of these approaches, you can also do maturity voting, right? You can do much. You can say here's the few short and you sample three times. Give me three times the result out again and then the majority voting. Or you can also do the same thing with the strict approach. You can also say here's the bias prompt. Give me three scores or you sample three times and then you do majority voting. So what kind of approach do you use to do the majority voting? Like what is the prompt you give for the majority voting? I just add the average, add three times and then I add the mean value, the final mean value. But on what kind of what is the prompt do you give then? Prompt. Because few short is like a prompt, right? In the end, the few short is just a prompt with examples. And strict is also just a prompt. So for the majority voting, you also need some kind of prompt. And then you execute this prompt three times and you take the majority vote. Yes. But the prompt is just like the three counts and you can get the mean value. But you have individual calls, right? You say here's the problem, touch it. And then it's done. And then you call. I have another call. Here's the problem, touch it. And then you have a third call. Here's the problem, touch it. You don't do this in one prompt, right? So the voter will always give the same response if you have it in one prompt, right? You need to call the API multiple times. I mean, I would get them to get my answer and to evaluate in the final. How is it, how you implement it? Maybe I asked a different way around. How did you, how you implement majority vote? How does it work exactly then in your implementation? Just to reduce the files for judging many times. What do you call? So you have, you say three repetitions, right? You do. How do you do the three repetitions? Do you call the API three times? Or how do you get the three values, the three repetitions, repeated values? And then the question would be like, what kind of prompt you give there? Because majority, like strict and few short is like a prompt and majority voting is more like a technique that you can put on top of a prompt. It's like, you know, this like separate from the rest from prompts itself. Why does it matter to the majority vote? Why is it important? Because you, I mean, if you want to compare like strict, few short and majority voting, then majority voting is not the whole message to get the final score. So, okay. So you. Okay, I see. Okay. Okay. Then I understand for me, it looked more like it's like three different things, you know, but it's one prompt. That's one approach. Okay. Okay. For me, it looked more a little bit like three different things, but okay, then. Make sense. Do you show another slide because I still see the charge configuration slide. I still see a charge configuration maybe doesn't. Did you change the slide. Maybe the screen hang up or something. I'm not sure. No, this is another. I only see the charge configuration currently. Maybe the maybe teams hang up. 

This is not. Get now can see it. Yeah. So it's really important number. First, my cousin correlation. 

So, I'm a kind of a low. So after that, I had some jitter pages to increase the correlation. The other numbers. He called. It's item. Proposed. Agreement. Yes or no items. Tracing. Here's my example. Anyway. So. It's. Equal. Your point. After the formula. Just zero point seven. Almost all of the. The. Another. Here is. This. Call. Match. This. In. Yeah. Yeah. We want to things. Definitely. As I said, also. Should consider. Likert scale. Items and then. You skip. Alpha here. Instead of. It knows. As chance corrected and then works also on audio data. If you use Likert scale. This. You mean. I mean. I mean. I know. Is for. Many. We use. Yeah. I mean. You should use Likert scale also. And then you can also use. I think the results because. You don't have many. You don't have many options that you can choose. So just by chance. Of course it's easier to. To match. If you have a larger Likert scale. It's much harder to. I mean, you can still get in the range, But you can still get in the same values or similar values. Yeah. And also you. Yeah. You need also more voters anyway in the end. But in this instance, if you have all the data. So Likert scale and. More voters than. Alpha is the. Better way to go. And what kind of. Model that they actually use to generate. The GUI itself. My. Yeah. What model did you use to generate based on the requirements. The apps. Is QV. Which one? Q. 3.5 or. Three. Three. Yeah. 3.6. 35. B. Q. 30. B. I didn't use. I also use some. People. Cloud. Just one or two. Most. Web. You. Is. Fix. Can. So. The. Injection. The idea is. I keep. We. To. Pages. Pages. To get. For. The original. Is. My. Is. Generate. And. Next. It. For. The. Website. Maybe. The. Or. Contacts. And. We can see. And. Use. We. Generate. Web. It. And. The. Kind. I don't. It's. It's. Good. About. And. For. Is. Mistake. And. After. The. You. Six. To. The. Three. Six. One. Page. To. And. Is. Bad. Page. Six. To. Six. Nine. So. Is. Because. And. Not. Not. So. Yes. Yes. Yes. This. Is. And. And. Is. So. You created this. Yes. To. At. The. The. We can see. About. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Then you still have the 15 apps. Each with multiple screens and then times the different Twitter. Variants. Mm. Sorry. So what is the relations that then that you have? You have still have the 15 apps. Each of them have perhaps multiple pages. Yes. And now in addition each of them has also four variants of Twitter. And this is how you evaluate them. Yes. Okay. I think. So. Next. And. I. To. To. Sorry. Before. And. Okay. 0.2. To. 0.3. To. Our. To. Judge. We can see the difference. Judge. The formula. Is. 0.35. 0.25. 0.426. And has some me. I also have the text to another. Uh. As the judge. Their value are not better than the. 54.5. Is. 0.2. Or 60. Or two. And. So. The rule is very simple. The judge. With people measures. Or based on human settings. Is. Real. That's all we need to use. Data. The judge. 54. Meaning. As my. Judge. Judge. Judge. Judge. Judge. Judge. Judge. Okay. I mean the. The human rating is also then quite low. Right? The human agreement. Relatively low. But okay I mean. Everything what you've shown here is like. With you and three other annotators. Right? So. Currently. The statements that can be derived here are quite low. Because the. The. Annotations that has been used. Or the annotators that have been used as well as the data set. Right? I mean this is still. Also a thing. So. The. So. So. The purpose. Is. And. I mean. It's similar to the human score. So. To. The. Judge in the. But I mean, the human skull cell is also low. Yeah. But it's not, I mean, for the survey, not all objectives have some self-preference to judge the different page. So maybe the key low is acceptable or not. I mean, I think for the, yeah, I mean, as I said, I think the, I mean, I'm not sure if like the best data set currently that you use, maybe you could also have the, you could also bring variation in the generated artifacts if you use different LLMs where to generate not only like the quen model that you use. So you could also use maybe some really small models that maybe automatically generate worse implementations, for example, right? So to have a range. Yeah. The weak model, I just find one or two times it counts. Generate the V-Variable. It's missing some images and maybe because of the mixed outputs or distraction, it counts for the full V-Variable. Yeah. Yeah, this is good to have some, but it's also not clear. So then you still used other models, right? Or also you said you used a big model and a smaller quen model, right? Or what models did you use again to generate? And which of them is the weak model? Performs bad? None of them, right? Or because you in the picture you showed weak model. Maybe the, I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe the, I forgot the name. It's gamma or something else. It's not popular. 

Okay. And this would be important to include also. Yeah. 

Okay. 

Yes. 

You mean the weak model to generate the buoy is important for the non-stage? 

I mean, if you want to have more variations, right, in the UIs you generate. 

And as you said here, it would make sense to include more of these kind of different like top models, lower models, small models to get more variations also in the outputs. 

But the buoy quality is not good from the weak model. And it's hard to judge. It's all bad. I mean, I think a human should still be able to judge, right, or even if it's not that good, right? 

Yeah. But after I finished the benchmark and made the data board, I gave the weak model API key. It has some scores on the data board. That's what we find out. And it's kind of a weak model. It's a little bad. 

Yeah. Okay. 

Okay. This is a good one. Yeah. Okay. So, yeah. Yeah. Okay. 

Okay. This is the next experiment. It's the TNT. 

There's three pages. And it's three. 

Oh, it's the quality of the ankle. The data base is the three view short ankles for a set without a truly bad example. It's from 0.69.1.0. And the result is the judge quality left test straight back to ESL. They gave 16 pages for the perfect one. 0. Variants equal 0. And so we control it. Same pattern, same prompt. The same time goes with scores. So the variance, the attribution is clean. And the 

collapse. So we need some bad. Bad. Bad. Just as the ankle as the prompt to the judge. Let's let's experiment shows. 

The. 

Hmm. 

Mm hmm. So, so the recommendation for the literature standards, some literature and use some methods. To cause is five. No, no. Paters. But I didn't. Find more. I just have two friends from my mom and the. That's why I am. And the other. You are just is to. It shows. That's a lot of. Gaps. So I need to. It was to pass to a larger. To a large gaps. And it's going to show the larger. And the. Well, it's. It's. Sure. The. It shows the. It's. Agreement. It's. The key. Generates. The key. To the. 0.6. It's. A high human. But. We measure the. Hours. As real human. Instead. Our kids like. 0.3. Hmm. And. And. Next is. To. Detect. It's. To. Step. So. It's. It's. The. Human. So. So. We. So. It's. It's. Like. What we did. Experiment. To. And. It's. To. It's. To. It's. The. Experiment. And. And. Final. Evil. Of. The. Paper. Is. Banning. The. It's. The. For. Your. It's. Why. I. Designed. The. It's. The. Story. The. The. That's. It's. The. That's. It's. It's. Hmm. Okay. So. The general. It's. I. Now. To. The. We. It's. It's. The. The. That's. The. The. It's. The. The. The. We. It's. It's. The. It's. The. The. The. and the metal tokens are limited, like we talked about, limiting, avoid the defective truncation, and that is the static memory or code also no longer a defect. And there is possibility and video needs. Pumped-ID governance every way, artifact the voltage pumped and the input profile produces it. And also the failure of patented resistors, like the provider transmission or dynamic failures never suddenly drop, it will be recorded in the data board, and the raw tokens and the related data are locked for everyone also in the data board. Here is the video board example, the demo. So we can see it has tapped image and a few video times. And for 4Q0B30B it's 0.1. What does it mean? What does it mean like failure? It could not generate anything? It didn't pass the data to get, like some route doesn't exist or some... It means the page unnotes the board, like no complicated. So it means failure for this time generated. And the static techno is called a level check, which has the HTML, CSS, JS, and console errors, and missing the resources. This is the static techno. If the page doesn't close, this static techno will be failed. And we have the dynamic overflow. We find the real browser run and the latest reachable and better content presence. And we also have some hitting stores, like Viro after I'm finished with the judge brief, And the accessibility, the X-QoM scan is another metric in the data board. And the validations are weighted by the severity per page and the inferences, including tokens and the latency. I didn't finish the whole data board yet. For the overall we need to calculate the weights for different metrics. So I didn't define the weights to different metrics. Maybe I'll do it later. But how do you come up with these numbers in static and dynamic, for example? It's what I... How do I come up with it? Like what does 0.5 for the second model mean in for dynamic? What is this kind of metric? It's a check it through the workflow. But I give it the 11 as a prompt. And what workflow? It has some action, like here's the goal. It has some actions and validation. Check the validation are asking or not. And here is just the demo. I give it the actions and validation. Maybe later I use the real agent to run the browser, I mean the web app, to check it and find the middle of this web app and some metrics. So you didn't run a browser now? I didn't use the real agent to run the browser. Okay, directly on the... How you do this without an LLM? Because how do you know what kind of routes... Because they are directly defined. Like media is defined and then you expect this in the code somewhere. Because I mean if I generate something that can still have like a bit different identifiers and maybe a little bit different code, right? I mean how do you make the save that doesn't break or it's really okay that it's very specific requirements you give, okay? Home, VSFPC, this all need to be there. Yeah, I think... I'm not sure if I would call this... Okay, and how do you calculate static? How does the number come? How do you come up with the number then? Like what is the metric? How if I have the HTML code and the errors and everything, how I can get a score of 0.954, for example? It's also the same method as before. It has some questions and I don't check with the password or not and guess that I'm not score. Like what I was serrated. About the code? The code? You give the code and then you give it also questions to judge and then based on that you calculate the score? Or how? Yes, and by visual part. I think what would be really important is that for example, the static and dynamic, you just introduce it on the slide. But I think for each of this I would expect to be at least two or three slides to explain the concept first of all. There's so much content. We know, of course, I know you can generate a lot, but there's so much content, like the sole information dense. And I think there's a lot of things that are unclear, like for example, what is like how static computed and so on. Like what are the datasets used for dynamic evaluation? All of these things, you know, that's like, other things are currently under specified, I would say. Okay. Maybe can you send me the slide also and maybe write a couple of explanations to it? Okay. So what I did. This is a little complicated. And it's hard to define the judge. It's not objective. Sorry, what do you mean? I mean, I mean, during my progress, I've made many new problems like the judge held the benchmark. And the final benchmark is, but now I just give the results, like the images and the work flow to the benchmarks, to find the leadboard metrics. And the static part and dynamic part, I didn't finish all the metrics. The static part is more about the real part, like what I did. The dynamic part is I need to use the real agent to measure it. And now it's just a temporary situation in the benchmark. What I think is the final benchmark is I build the whole benchmark with the results, like the requirements and the work flow and some images. And the users or other people including their give me the API key and put it into the leadboard and it has some through the benchmark. It has the final score in the leadboard. That's what I think right now. It works or not. But the situation is kind of less. It doesn't have many situations. However, the whole situation is worth. You know what I mean? No, what I mean is the situation. The scenario. But the final benchmark is the scenario I need to. I would need to think about this also. Also, if this is a good data set to use. But you can maybe also send me this. I will have a look at it also again and think about the setup. Okay, so I sent you the data set and the slice. Yeah, super good. Then I will have a look at it again and then I think I can say more about the data set. And to give me a couple of days time, then I will come back to you also. Yeah. I think in terms of the MS charge, I would expect a little bit more like maybe also try different methods also. I mean, for example, currently use one charge and for example, this majority voting use one charge and call it three times. Why not use, for example, three different models? Each model has different kind of biases, different kind of training data and so on. It's more maybe more realistic like using three different humans, even though they may be still relatively similar. But this would also be interesting. I mean, and you could also investigate like if you have three LLMs, different kind of LLMs, what is their Kippendorf's alpha, for example, then on this Likert scale data? Do they agree more compared to humans and how the humans within each other compare than the LLMs within each other? Yeah, the reason I didn't use the other model is like I used the game and the console. The key value is that doesn't like the human key value. It doesn't seem to be our key value. So I didn't use it. Yeah, but I mean, there's only three LLMs, right? I mean, why not use more, try out more and then combine them? Because I'm not talking necessarily about use one or the other, just I said also you could combine them, right? But. I mean, maybe not these two, but maybe there's like if you use other models. Might be also meaningful to combine them. Yeah, but if I try like many models, my thesis is not focused on the LLM judge, it's for the VEvaluation. Maybe if I do many models, it's the wrong direction. I already find one model that the key value is greater than the human deding. It can be for the method. I think even though in the end you apply it to GUI judging, but in the end it's still about judging, right? Mainly because it's of course also using it then, but they're using it and benchmark is relatively easy then because it's automated, right? The models can give you all the judges, all the scores easily compared to human annotation of different models. But the harder part lies in understanding how good the judges are, right? Of course, you still need to build up a benchmark data set and so on, but I think the judges are quite important. But what is because it comes out that the judges are quite bad, but how meaningful would be a benchmark with a bad judge? I mean you can do it automatic then, but it's quite bad. Then it would also not be that meaningful, right? Of course, let's say, okay, bad is maybe a wrong word, but let's say it's deviated very strongly from humans, then at least I think it would be important to understand how well, how much we can trust or not trust, but also try out different methods would also be important. So, next stage I try different methods to judge the quality, like the link method and many more models to finish this part. I think I would not only more models, I would maybe also look into more, maybe more methods, right? I mean, I use this few shot, why a few shot maybe in the first place, why not just do it like zero shot, for example, with other models also? How many methods should I try? How to fix the final method? What value can I fix? I mean, the number is acceptable in the final region? I mean, I can also think about what would make sense, but my argument is not that you should try out 20 LLMs. What I want to say is that to explore a little bit more methods and compare a little bit more methods, just like the thing I'm saying, it doesn't need to be necessarily you try out 20 LLMs, right? But this is like only, let's say, just like one method now, right? You have like, you take the few shot, do the majority voting on the same LLM, and then you report it through a different, but I mean, there could be also different approaches, right? And still, this, I think, would be important to do. I would not maybe to, okay, what I want to say is just check again, maybe in the literature, what would make sense and maybe try out one or two more things, right? So how checking can be done? Yes, I mean, this method, the final proposal is the key value, like the LLM can be the human judge, as the thing, as the human judge. It's proved it can be the judge. The key value is the most important thing. If I find some methods as the same key value as human, it's kind of same. I see. 

Yeah, but I mean, this is based on your evaluation, right? On those three people, you and then two other friends. So based on this, I would not do like, I would not create like statements now that you prove that you should only use GPT for one many in this configuration. Because, right, I mean, you would need a bigger evaluation with more humans to do that, right, at least. And then also the data set. I mean, the question is also how good is the data set? How well does the data set fit, maybe? But I would also need to check the data set that you use currently. So I need more humans to judge the theory and I'm not sure the items we change or not in the theory. Like the layout, the color. It's all defined by myself, by the AI. It doesn't have one fixed version for the evaluated value. So can you say again? I mean, the item, what I mean is the color layout and the visual consistency is all defined by myself and from some virtualizing. It's hard to fix the final vision to evaluate the static page. Which item would we need to evaluate the page? Yeah, it's not easy to decide what is the final items that you use. I think most important is that it's somehow, you know, used in literature. I mean, you said already used some kind of this is based on some literature, but it would be important that you for each of the items, you know, you can have this resource or reference. Where it comes from. 

I need to check it to where it comes from. Yeah. And I said the other thing is, I think, I think for me personally, I like to, it feels unnatural to use to have a binary question like that. But yeah, maybe it's also something to look into again. So what should I do next? Is the method and the method try to be different method. I think what I should do next is to try to do the same thing. I think for the judging, I would definitely encourage you to look into a little bit more methods like in the literature and what could be applied to the judging here in this scenario. Definitely. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, for that. An important thing is the data set. And if you send it to me, I will look into this and then I can. I think I first need to have a look into the data set to give a better statement about that or to have a better idea. Something I could tell you then afterwards. Okay. But if you send it to me today, you would need to give me a couple of days. But I try to respond until end of the week. You should have a latest shadow of response. Okay. Should I find other methods? I mean, yeah, if you're. It's also good to search for more. Yeah. That could be potentially used. Do you have some recommended data for this? Because I think it's a good idea. Yeah. I think it's a good idea. I mean, yeah, I think I need to think about it a little bit. Really what to what is the best use case here? Because what you showed is like very, very detailed, like very low level. What description of what should be done? What should be done? What should be done? What should be done? What should be done? What should be done? What should be done? Yeah, I think it's a very low level description of what should be done. The one data set we already used where the opposite, very abstract, with a lot of degrees of freedom for the model to do things. But I think I would need to think about like what makes maybe most sense here. But if you find some other data sets, you can also send them to me and I can also check them. And I will also think about again, like what makes sense. OK. I'll check it and send it to you later. Yeah. This would be good. OK. Then yeah, it would be nice if you can send me the stuff. Also, maybe the slides. Then I will check again a little bit more and then you get more feedback also from my side. OK. And the registration we also received now. It's finished already. So it's all finished. Yeah, good. Great. Do we already have a formal submission date then? Formal submission date is 10th of June. Sorry? 10th of June. I mean, when you have to submit the thesis. I don't know. Really after six months. So June 10th is the... Then plus six months. OK. Yeah. All right. But I need to check this again. I also need to check if I can see it somewhere. But yeah. OK. All right. Thank you. If you send me the stuff, I will give you a response then. OK. Thank you. OK then. Have a nice week. Thank you. Bye. Bye. Thank you. Bye. 