Speaker 0: Also thank you as I sought this possible proposal.  Man- I am.. ... ... The scope like the final result is the big item of the magic benchmark and the leadboard for the little generated killable white voice.  So, between before two weeks, I mean during the two weeks I made some experiment to build the benchmark.  First I used clouds so not for a point of time and the GPT4O to reproduce the UACD experiment and get some like the GUI evaluation accuracy and the same experiment like what you actually did like to imagine the end which lines together and then over the next position and find the position.  but also that's why I did my experiment to the more dynamic way or more law-based guidance to evaluate the UIC image like the visual here, Roxy and H and contract and the spacing.  and for the dynamic function, I did some experiments also use the cloud GPT and the QLIN3 models to first to generate some GUI.  The function is from the paper called vision to map.  It's one paper just published in the app for first to use the QLIN and GUI agent to evaluate the GUI's.  quality.  I can see your paper.  I can't keep it in the teams.  So what I did is to use the data from the data side.  it has a requirement text and a purple type, blue type, green source and the workflow and the root expectations and some validation rules.  So I use a fixed format and by different models, cloud and QLIN3.  Use this result to build the UI, build some HTML and then check if it's through, it can pass the validation rules.  So what I want to ask is, is my phone only?  the users provide just one UI like one HTML or like.  what I asked is like original from maps and HTML and the requirement about the UI quality. Speaker 1: So I think in the benchmark, you need to define the data set and then reuse the data set across LLMs.  So like the input to the framework is always like here's a new LLM, I don't know, cloud 4.8. and then what is the results?  and the results between the model should be comparable.  So it should always be the same data set.  So the data set needs to be part of the benchmark.  Like.  for example, the requirements, right?  And then you use the new LLM, you give the LLM 50 requirements for the different user interfaces, let them generate and then evaluate. Speaker 0: But in the final, the user provides just one HTML and my people can give the support to this HTML. Speaker 1: I think the leader, I mean, this could also be a function that you just can provide.  The people can provide like in some form maybe just upload.  Maybe it's not only one HTML, maybe it's like the whole app, maybe they just upload a zip file with the whole project.  And then you can also give out like a scoring of everything.  This could also be part.  But I think for the leader board itself, it's mainly about the, I think nobody from outside will give something.  The only thing from outside given is maybe here's a new LLM because when you finish you are going to include like, I don't know, maybe 20 different LLMs or whatever's possible.  Also, I mean, in terms of cost, but whenever we want to extend it, then this would be something that will be the input.  So a new LLM.  And then in.  the end, in the leader body, you have one role.  This is like a cloth, 4.8.  And then it gives you all the scores across all the different kind of metrics.  And then rank puts it into the ranking.  So I think for the framework, the idea would be that it should be so that it's easy that it has some kind of function where you can just say add new LLM, you put, you just put the LLM name or maybe the interface or whatever, how you do it, but could easily put in a new LLM.  And then it will, your framework takes this LLM, takes the requirements that takes the prompts into the LLM, generates the apps, goes through the whole scoring functions, computes all the scores and then puts it into ranking.  Okay. 

Speaker 0: But now I didn't use the cost 4.8.  It's just some easy models.  Sure. Speaker 1: Yeah, this was also on an example. 

Speaker 0: So that's what I did last week and the check.  Okay.  Yeah, I also made some problems like the max token, the models output.  I define the models kind of is max token is 2000K.  But if you put the requirements and.  some screenshot into the models, if the tokens are not enough, it will be stopped and it can't generate the UI because it's not in those tokens.  Is that okay?  Or I mean, if the, but some models use the last token can generate the UI, some models cannot.  It's also kind of the method of the data board, right? Speaker 1: I would definitely also, yeah, like how much token, how much cost, definitely something that also should be tracked.  Yeah. Speaker 0: Okay. Speaker 1: I mean, we could also, you know, you could also imagine that you have like a plot on the x-axis.  On the y-axis, you have a metric, for example, like function correctness of the implemented prototype or visual aesthetics.  And then on the x-axis, you have, for example, the cost.  And then you can put the LLMs.  So you can see like how they, you know, we would also think that maybe if you take the newest cloud model, it will maybe score very high on the y-axis.  But maybe it will also score very high on the x-axis.  So it will be like on the far right, in the like 2D plot that we have.  But it would.  be interesting, maybe you can also find another model that also performs pretty good.  But as much less cost, like for example, the Germany models, they're much cheaper.  So I think this could maybe also be something for visualization.  If you track the cost and the performance on the task, you can also do this tradeoff plot between this cost and the performance.  Yeah. Speaker 0: You mean for the different function has a different score to the general idea? Speaker 1: If, for example, I can show you an example.  Give me a second here.  Example this one, if you see my screen now.  Like this is an experiment that we did.  It's a completely different task.  But the idea is that we evaluated LLMs given a natural language requirement.  I mean, actually, it was not so far away, actually.  But what we did is like we used it for re-ranking.  So it was like a relevant judgment task.  So given a natural language requirement, I want to have a login with that and that kind of functionality, whatever.  Then we have like from a retrieval system, we get like, for example, 10 user interfaces that might be like also static.  They're all.  static single individual user interfaces that we retrieve.  And then we have an LLM and ask the LLM for each screenshot on a scale from 1 to 100, like what is their relevance, given the query.  Like this was the task.  So we used an LLM as a re-ranking mechanism.  And what we did here then is also we have here the average precision.  So we have like annotated data.  So we know how good the, we know the relevance based on human judgments, given the query for the GUIs that were retrieved.  So we can compute the average precision.  And at the same time, we also look at the cost per re-ranking 100 GUIs in US dollar.  And then you can see like, this is how what comes out.  So for example, GPT 4.1 scores the best has the highest average position, but also is quite costly.  Right.  It's also one of the highest costs.  But for example, this was Claude Sonnet 4.  It performs worse.  And it's even more costly, right?  So you would not use that model.  I would just stick with that because I get better performance and it's cheaper.  And then here you can see.  like the Pareto, what do you say?  Pareto Frontier.  This is all the models that you would choose, which are optimal, depending on the tradeoff you want to do for the average precision and the cost.  But you would not choose any of these models here because you can always find a better model or cheaper model.  Something like this you could also do, for example, if you have, if you track the cost and you have the judgment of the quality, you can also create something like that.  I think this would be interesting.  And maybe even like if, I mean, if it's like a leader board in the end, maybe that's even like a website, interactive website, like a small prototype.  I mean, maybe this could even be like interactive, but just as an idea.  So definitely, I think this would be very interesting. Speaker 0: So for my evaluation, I had three layers.  Why does that affect the make or get?  It checks the artifact and makes a complete HTML or the script be stopped in the progress and check the workflow works or check the ID.  It's very important because the visual processing was not executed well, so it should not enter the leader board.  So the second layer is the dynamic routes to the test. Speaker 1: Sorry, can I explain the first one again?  I didn't fully understand.  Can you say the first one again? 

Speaker 0: It's one pass and fail.  It's my first layer is the static technical gates.  It checks whether the models can make the HTML completely or check the root ID, check the workflow works or check the like.  we have the requirements like some text as a button and it checks the HTML code if the text be one button or not.  It's one link to another page. 

Speaker 1: But what is the metrics you're going to use then for this kind of analysis?  Because in the end, you need some concrete requirements.  Like for example, would be one metric be that each link or button that has a link, for example, that the links resolve correctly or how many of the links you have resolved correctly or what would be the metric?  You need to think about what kind of metrics you would use then for this kind of analysis. 

Speaker 0: It's kind of the root success. Speaker 1: The root success can be one metric to.  check the static code.  What do you mean with root success? 

Speaker 0: Like you clicked one button, check if it could link to another page or not.  Some buttons just text but the model doesn't write the code about the link.  Like if you click the button, it comes to another page. 

Speaker 1: Okay, I understand but this is not like the dynamic part to evaluate.  Because if you use a computer as an agent to try it out, then you would also notice right here, I want to click on, I have this kind of task I need to do on the website.  And if I click add to, if I click, if I have a product page and I want to add the product to the card and it doesn't work because it's just like a fake button more or less, just visually there.  Then I would also notice I could not complete the task.  I mean, this is not like rather part of the dynamic testing.  Because I would in the dynamic, I can understand, you know, but you have for example, you define some tasks, I don't know, put a product in the card.  I don't know, select.  a credit card option or put your credit card information into the system.  Like you have different kind of tasks that can be done in this app.  And then you take a computer use agent and execute this task.  You say, you prompted to shop, buy some product, whatever.  And then you would, this computer use agent would execute the trace in the app.  And then you would notice anyways, if there's a button doesn't work, right?  And then you could maybe collect, okay, I tried it five times and it always failed at this button because, and then maybe the result would be, yeah, zero out of five, because the button is broken, for example, this could be one metric.  So for this kind of task, the success rate is zero or one out of five or whatever, for example.  Yeah.  This is the only thing I wanted to, or mainly what I wanted to mention is if you think about this kind of, like, you know, do the static analysis, like what is the concrete metrics you're going to be using, are you going to be computing?  Like for example, you look at all interactive elements, if they.  work properly, because you can also have different elements, right?  You can have a button that links to another website.  So you would expect if I click, I come to a new web to the other page, or it doesn't work.  But you can also maybe have a button where you say you put like numbers in the calculator and then say calculate, and it gives you just some number, right?  This could also be broken and that doesn't work.  So you know, how do you, there's a lot of different kind of interactive elements.  So how would you like, how would you, what would be the concrete metric to measure this?  I'll put this in like one number.  This, what would not be clear for me for the static.  You said if you do this, if you look at the static, I think I roughly understand what you mean that you, you take the edge, you want to take the HTML, right?  And check at the HTML if the HTML is like, if you can already see like problems in the HTML, like for example, there's a missing link, there's a button, but it doesn't, it doesn't link to.  anywhere, right?  This idea.  Yeah.  I think I would, in terms of the dynamic, I think my, I would say intuitively, I would, I would put this more into like this kind of interactivity stuff, like does the button work?  Does the whole flow work?  I think I would put all of this to like this dynamic metrics, whatever this like task success rate, or maybe there's like, maybe there can be like, maybe there's also a metric that you can compute based on only your buttons, for example.  But I think I would put this more into the dynamic. Speaker 0: So what you want to ask is about the static part, how to define the metrics about the static part.  Yeah, exactly.  No.  This slide, I remember some like the functional companies, or I know out here, RAC, crazy or some visual quality can be the static part. Speaker 1: For example, maybe you can take a screenshot, you don't need to have the activity for this, maybe a screenshot is enough to say what is the visual appeal or the information organization.  This I would rather consider static, but you don't need a quote for that.  Or I would argue that.  maybe it's more unnatural to use code, because as humans we also don't.  maybe LLMs can do it better.  But I think also I guess visual representation is better to judge the visual quality.  But actually this could also be an interesting experiment.  I mean it's just in the thumb turn, I don't know actually.  Because as a human it's clear.  if I give you code, HTML and say how visually appealing is this, you have no clue, right?  We could not know this as a human, we would just render this and then we see it and then we would judge it.  But maybe I don't know, maybe LLMs also can judge visual quality based on the code already quite good or maybe not.  This would be maybe interesting experiment also actually. Speaker 0: What I think about is the later part about the static like with agents using the workflow to track the workflow and then we can work during the process.  it can capture some screen shots and keep it to the static part to really take it.  And yes we also need some rubric guided to evaluate the quality of the static quality.  I mean the first it's.  called W3 is like guided to evaluate the quality of the voice.  Yeah. Speaker 1: On comment to why computer use agent doing some task and you collect the screen shots, you can do that.  But I think for evaluating the static it's better to maybe also different LLMs will implement this stuff differently.  What I want to say is, you know, if you have like two LLMs you want to compare they generate an app.  then you have for each user, computer use agent that will do some task on it.  You collect the traces, you have like.  for one app you have like 50 screen shots.  For the other one you have maybe 61 because the traces are a little bit different.  Then you also don't compare like the same thing, right?  If you do then the static analysis on these kind of screen shots from the traces.  so maybe it would be better to get the LLM generate the website, the app.  And then for each of the sub pages it has take a screen shot and then evaluate this.  But yeah. Speaker 0: It will be a much scope for the screen shots.  It will be a lot of screen.  shots because I generate many queries.  But should I?  They generate the app or the website because they always mention the app. Speaker 1: The app is for the website. Speaker 0: I mean web app is totally fine.  No.  Okay.  Yeah.  So that's two layers.  One layer static, one layer dynamic.  The last one is screen shots.  Content validation is a process.  It's linked to the section hard check whether it has workflows or requirements like some text in the new page what we write in the requirements.  It also can be a means content validation.  It works or no.  Yeah.  So root success is to check if the web app can go to another page and to some page you want.  But content validation to check what's the content of the page's eyes.  Whether it has what to be repaired in the requirements of the app.  because we provide when the requirements are to the web app.  Yeah.  Okay.  Hmm.  Hmm.  So that's all I did last two weeks.  And I also fixed one from maps to different and I used the same from maps to generate the web app.  Because if you post different from maps to different elements it's unfair.  and unstable I think.  Maybe use one sheet of the from maps to generate different scenario by back is much better.  But it's hard for differences to never use the same from maps.  It's just like rate the requirement first and then extract some requirements in the files and generate the web app. Speaker 1: So I didn't quite understand you.  You mean that the prompt is the same across the.  Yeah. Speaker 0: So generate the web app.  you need some prompt to get it.  Yeah. Speaker 1: But should always be the same.  The prompt should be the same for all the MC tests. Speaker 0: Yeah.  We have many scenarios to be better. Speaker 1: It's like the short in host study or some web that maybe should I or different for the for comparing like all the elements should always have the same prompt of.  otherwise you introduce some bias in the prompt.  Yeah. Speaker 0: But yeah. 

Speaker 1: But what is I think the other thing we talked about last time is like this kind of biases that lm's maybe also like position bias where this is paper.  And for example this could be of course an interesting aspect for the.  I mean now you talk about the.  prompts to generate or the lm's to generate the website right.  I talk about the judging lm's now and the judging.  it would be interesting again to maybe compare.  also like you take you take one lm and you try different prompts and see like how it influences for example also the scoring.  I mean right this kind of kind of this kind of biases that lm's can have.  I think this position bias I mean there's already a paper that have shown that lm's have this position bias.  but I think it would still be interesting to.  they did this on very different tasks.  So it would be interesting still to like check these kind of different biases.  You know this like a little bit separate thing.  If you take an lm and you want to judge gui's like what kind of bias it has.  I think there's a great research question and a great contribution if you can really show like runs some experiments and show some interesting results.  For example position bias is still something that could be evaluated because they evaluate only on text based tasks.  What we do is mainly like visual based tasks now.  So we give like screenshots.  how strong is the position bias if we do it like for gui judging.  We don't know right.  We would assume that there's also some kind of position bias but I think it would be interesting to to run experiments to check this also.  And for this I mean you can or something for example the.  that's why I thought about this topic because you talked about prompts.  it's for example only if you how maybe it's already.  we could already bias the model depending on what kind of scale we give to the model.  You know if you give a scale rate the user interface from 1 to 5 or from 1 to 9 or like we give like we directly say like from bad to good something like this.  you know like just the kind of words you use this can also already be a bias right or the scale you use maybe will be different results come out.  if you use like words or use like a liquid scale from 1 to 9. this would be interesting to measure and then it could be.  it's very easy to run multiple experiments if.  you have the guis right and you just like change the prompt a little bit and you put it into a little m and then you compare the results.  how much is there like?  maybe there are always some variants.  of course if you run you need to run always multiple times the same thing the same setup.  but it would be interesting to see if you if there's also a bias if I say the scale I give for example to the model.  this is like a thing in the prompt right you define like how the LLM should charge on which scale or rating the charging should take place.  there's could also be investigated all this like anchoring by or like relative bias.  if I show you there's two guis.  I mean you said already you did this with UIClip.  I don't know if in UIClip they consider this position bias thing.  but yeah if you have like the two guis also interesting like how bad the second you know if you fix one GUI and then you put like a really good GUI a really bad GUI a medium GUI next to it how will it influence?  the judgment of the other GUI.  this is not like position bias because you can also slip around right.  you can have like.  you can fix on the second position on the first position and then put a very good very bad mediocre GUI next to it.  how will this influence the scoring?  I think this would be very interesting to to look at.  and another thing is for example if you work with humans and you have humans that charge user interfaces what we usually do right we have a user study we let like 20 LLMs generate hundreds of user interfaces and then we have like 50 evaluators human evaluators and each of them will give go through a many tasks.  so I will give you here's the requirement here's the generated GUI rated.  then the next requirement here's the GUI rated and so on.  but what happens with humans?  while you're doing this task?  you're learning right.  you have like already.  like this will introduce also some bias about the judgments you do in the future when you've seen already some examples.  that is a typical.  bias like this is like called also anchoring bias if you.  do this experience with humans.  with LLMs we don't really have this problem because we can.  we give the LLMs always a fresh context with here's the GUI rated and then we throw everything away and it's for the LLMs a complete new context.  so for LLMs we don't really have this problem.  but it could be still interesting to investigate if we leave there.  you know if we give the LLM like here is the requirement to a judgment of the GUI then we leave this in the context and take the put a new task here's the new task touch it and so on how this will maybe influence the LLM in the judgments it does for later GUIs.  I think this would be interesting to investigate.  and the good thing about these kind of biases is that it's very easy to set up the experiments.  if you have the data set you know you just like let LLM run on the data set with different kind of prompts for the the rating for example or the scale you use.  you do this like you fix one GUI and put a better worse.  okay this is a little.  bit harder because you need to know what is good and bad already.  roughly yeah but I think of all these experiments at least they are also inexpensive to run because you don't need humans.  you just really do like an LLM only experiments more or less how to connect the files to the data board.  this is something that is not connected.  you know this like the leader board or like the.  so yeah to be clear I mean the leader board is the one thing.  the framework that I gave you a new LLM give me out 20 different metrics that you also need to decide like what I'm meaning for metrics and how to compute them like the dynamic metrics we talked about for example.  right this is like one part.  the other thing is to have a separate research questions a research question like what kind of biases LLMs have when judging GUIs could be for example one separate research question.  it's not connected directly but it's connected connected indirectly because this knowledge you could use to then have better charges right?  so for example if you really know that you have this position bias you.  would not charge five GUIs at once.  right so it will influence indirectly the how you do the the charging for the for the actual leader board.  but this is a little bit more maybe a little bit more deeper.  dive into how LLMs charges work.  on GUIs. 

Speaker 0: yeah also in the paper it shows the different models as the different scores for the GUIs.  yeah it's like 1GPT 4GP, 5GP.  3GP has a stable score and the cost is 4GP.  just the actual different model to.  yeah the visual of the model.  it's behind it.  it has an architecture for the score rating.  it's also one. Speaker 1: yeah just for example.  it's also interesting.  I think you have one chapter in the thesis and in the results where you have this research question what biases exist and that one bias could also be that you evaluate the biases like position bias among different LLMs and then we see position bias in the new.  the new SGPT model is very little compared to maybe earlier versions.  it's also interesting.  I think there's so many different things that we've already realized and experimented with.  I think it's quite interesting.  it's meaningful to. Speaker 0: compare the LLMs model to the older model different score. Speaker 1: yeah I mean it definitely would be interesting to know.  maybe they had earlier they had more biases or maybe it's similar didn't change in between the newest models between German and I. I think it's a position bias which has the highest anchoring bias.  I think this would be quite interesting also to to see.  yeah yeah for the models yeah okay I just remember that you said that that's the thing with you restrict the amount of generated output.  tokens 2000.  I would not do that because of course one model will take maybe more or less and it should be recorded if it uses more or less tokens.  of course if I use more tokens I would assume that also my output might be a little bit better.  if I do a lot of reasoning with the newest reasoning models I consume a lot of tokens and I would assume also it gets better.  but I would not restrict that.  I would just record that and as a trade-off later okay I have more tokens that I computed and I get better results but I would not.  restrict that.  I think it would not be good that for example like systematically you said it's so low that for some model it can never.  it only turn on its half of the GUI or everything else is broken.  then I think this would not be a good setup.  so I would increase the.  I mean the best thing would be you give so much output tokens that it can generate fully what it wants to generate. 

Speaker 0: so the metric about the model generate the consider that doesn't matter.  oh okay so I the max tokens for the is restricted or I'm I respect model just right here generate by bank and we record different token details.  that may be the metric for the label board. Speaker 1: yeah we take this as the metric because we should definitely record it.  if you only look into your of course your right.  I mean if you would not restrict it but also not record the token consumption then we see like one model is extremely good and the other model is really bad.  but the other model only use a thousand tokens and the other model generate like millions of tokens of.  course is like an unfair comparison.  but we from outside we don't restrict the models we just say do it do the job and give the same to everything to all the models and one model will do more reasoning one model do less reasoning but this something we cannot control this as part of the model.  but we should definitely like record all the tokens it has generated the cost it also takes but mainly on token basis. Speaker 0: yeah yeah yeah well so how many the ways for the item to complete the bench? Speaker 1: one how many?  I mean it's based on how many requirements you want to have right.  um yeah I mean it's a the question of the cost also.  yeah. Speaker 0: so I didn't respect the tokens.  maybe and I use many models to compare to generate like one of these 30 Go is the?  uh yeah that's what I wanted. Speaker 1: yeah I think.  um for the first time for the first part of the development I would say maybe just use a relatively small data set like maybe only a couple of up to five maybe apps not more maybe only three or maybe only two.  just for you know developing everything like deciding for the metrics and then implementing all the metrics tracking all the metrics and so on and then for later on I will need to think about this like because we as we said right the plan is at the end to write a paper also and if we write a paper we could also then cover some of the cost.  so um so the other thing is that you know um I think it's called Kisky.  you know that no Kisky is an LLM service that you can.  I will send you that you can also try out that and tell me like how it works.  uh how much you because I never tried myself.  I sent you the link.  um so my understanding you know that. Speaker 0: yeah I bought it for the Qubing API key but it doesn't has a GPT cloud.  some has a GPT internet has a GPT key cloud.  your uh it's just a Qubing other.  other was something else. Speaker 1: it doesn't has many models.  yeah I mean now for the um.  I think you can still use that for to get access to some of the.  models.  okay the rate limit is also relatively low like 200 API requests per hour.  okay I think that's maybe still enough.  you can 400 per day 3000 per month okay it's not that much you can do with that.  but you can also you can request a higher limit and maybe you get more.  and I also heard that you request multiple keys.  so then you can also multiply uh the rate limits.  but at least there's something you could.  you could use a little bit and uh yeah even though they don't have like the newest models.  but for generating the interfaces now it would also be okay to try to first of all use some weaker cheaper models.  it's more.  for the chargers it's a little bit more difficult if you usually like like small models.  uh yeah for the chargers it's a little bit harder.  but now I think first of all for the generating maybe I can try use first of all don't do many apps maybe really only two or three not not too many and then um you can use some like this kind of free models and then and I mean if this really bad.  the outputs are really bad and okay.  we need to think about something else.  uh but for the chargers yeah we need to.  I would let me think about this again.  if we if I can somehow give you for example a key and some limits that you can use um yeah so I just run the whole pipeline and the like. Speaker 0: make one small demo.  the data is simple about the charge part. Speaker 1: I mean the charge part you can also already start implement.  right if you decide like.  I mean more important thing is to really come up with a whole list of all the metrics uh and uh in detail and how to compute them and so on then just they can also be implemented.  right just uh.  of course the quality will be maybe not that good of the charging if you just use cheap models but in general everything can be implemented.  but for the real experiments with better models uh then maybe I would need to give you a key for example so you can access some better models.  but we would need to.  we would definitely always need to have.  some.  when I run experiments I always have some computation like uh some uh to roughly know how much cost I expect.  you know like how many uh charge times how many charges times the cost whatever like roughly charge or what kind of token usage you need per call how many calls and so on.  yeah but this is for later.  then I think first you can uh work with that.  yeah okay okay okay okay for computing it's the same thing.  I mean of course or maybe the small there's.  I think we can also try out some cheap very cheap models like 2.5 flash might also already work.  okay but um yeah for later we need to also track them. Speaker 0: yeah yeah you use you use you use you use like a product or how to check the text.  uh for few of the parameters over yeah in the root and check the inside of uh page.  it doesn't use the real to run the all work for our safety. Speaker 1: yeah okay okay I think.  then um yeah and yes I said maybe think about the biases also and how to set up some experiments for that.  um I guess.  a separate research question okay um but um related to the legal world.  specific your questions.  yeah because you use also to to put them on the leaderboard to create scores and uh it directly informs you how to design the church sample.  in that sense it's connected.  but you're right it's not like immediate connection. Speaker 0: but yeah I mean the part may be very difficult for the.  it's the architecture problem also and the people they publish doesn't uh fix the problem. Speaker 1: it's not about fixing but it's about measuring as the main thing for the research question would be just to evaluate these kind of biases and identify them for example as a result have okay in these kind of frontier models we see a lot of precision bias.  we see like anchoring bias and so on.  so that's why we would not.  we would always charge each GUI individually and so on.  um yeah yeah so it's not about fixing.  yeah we can really fix.  I mean yeah okay you can fix by for example don't give two GUIs at the same time like what uh your clip is doing or you need to.  always like switch them switch them multiple times and sample multiple times something like this.  but yeah it comes from the model.  we cannot really like really fix that.  yeah and measuring this is the most important thing. 

Speaker 0: then then also you use the the matrix for the leading core but it's like on a leaderboard. Speaker 1: you charge how well like one LLM can generate and then you use an LLM charge to automatically evaluate this and the biases the what LLM charge has what the LLM charge is doing.  the bias is not connected directly to the leaderboard in that sense because in the leaderboard you only check how well is how good is the performance of whatever germanite to generate user interfaces and the bias is part of the LLM charge that you use.  okay all right.  and about the registration. Speaker 0: you said you start registering then right yeah yeah okay okay okay okay just down on the LLM and sell and send it to the.  I think yeah yeah okay all right thank you. Speaker 1: okay then thank you too and have a nice weekend and then we talk again in two weeks. Speaker 0: okay thank you see you.  then bye see you you you you you. 